Add PR, Issue, and New Feature templates (#6109)
PrefectHQ/prefect: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- Make sure that your title neatly summarizes the proposed changes -->

### Summary
<!-- Provide a short overview of the change and the value it adds -->

### Steps Taken to QA Changes
<!-- Describe the steps that you have taken to make sure that your changes work as intended without breaking other functionality. These steps should be reproducible and easy to follow for other QA testers-->

### Checklist
<!-- go over following points. check them with an `x` if they do apply, (they turn into clickable checkboxes once the PR is submitted, so no need to do everything at once)

-->

This pull request is:

- [ ] A documentation / typographical error fix
	- No tests or issue needed
- [ ] A short code fix
	- Please reference the related issue by including "closes `<link to issue>`" in this Pull Request's summary section. 
        - If no issue exists, please create a bug report issue 

> 	- Please include tests. One-line fixes without tests will not be accepted unless it's related to the documentation only.

Reviewer: Does github support nested checkboxes?

- [ ] A new feature implementation
	- Please reference the related issue by including "closes `<link to issue>`" in this Pull Request's summary section. 
        - If no issue exists, please create a feature enhancement issue 
	- Please include tests

>     - Please make sure that your QA steps are both thorough and easy to reproduce by someobdy with limited knowledge of the feature that you are submitting

Reviewer: I think this indentation is different from the rest
```suggestion
    - Please make sure that your QA steps are both thorough and easy to reproduce by someobdy with limited knowledge of the feature that you are submitting
```

<!-- Make sure that your title neatly summarizes the proposed changes -->

### Summary
<!-- Provide a short overview of the changes -->

### Value Added by Changes
<!-- Describe where and how the changes add value -->

### Description of Changes

> <!-- Describe the changes in detail -->

Reviewer 2: Thid does make sense to condense. 👍

> <!-- Describe the changes in detail -->

Reviewer 2: "and its importance" could be "and the value it adds" alternatively

> <!-- Describe the changes in detail -->

Reviewer 2: I'll trust you to decide @peytonrunyan

### Steps Taken to QA Changes
<!-- Describe the steps that you have taken to make sure that your changes work as intended without breaking other functionality. These steps should be reproducible and easy to follow for other QA testers-->

### Checklist
<!-- go over following points. check them with an `x` if they do apply, (they turn into clickable checkboxes once the PR is submitted, so no need to do everything at once)

-->

This pull request is:

- [ ] A documentation / typographical error fix
	- No tests or issue needed
- [ ] A short code fix
	- Please reference the related issue by including "closes `<link to issue>`" in this Pull Request's summary section. 
        - If no issue exists, please create a bug report issue 

> 	- Please include tests. One line code fixes without tests will not be accepted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	- Please include tests. One-line fixes without tests will not be accepted unless it's related to the documentation only.
```
